I know you have to look at lot applications, probably from some more qualified folks, but despite my lack of a academic CS background, I can get stuff done.

Until Friday, I work for the Alaska Legislature (I'm leaving to move to the Bay Area). In my current position I wear a lot of hats: project manager; manager; analyst; programmer; and technician. I am a solid techie at heart. I work with PHP/MySQL/HTML/CSS/JS every day, but over the years I've spent time with lots of other technology too; CodeIgniter, Twitter Bootstrap, ASP, Rails, Django, AppEngine, nodeJS, etc. I love the web, and I love the technology that drives it.  I love solving problems. If I don.t know how to solve a problem, I know where to find help, and I.m not afraid to ask for it. In addition to programming, I.ve got a very solid understanding of IT and project management, and have even created and staffed entire departments to meet organizational goals. 

I believe that technology is a tool, and in all forms is there to serve people. I get great satisfaction in building positive relationships with the people that use the technology, and in helping them get the most out of it.  I love making and maintaining tools that make people.s lives better. When I couldn.t find a simple drawing app for the iPad, I made one using HTML5, JavaScript, and PhoneGap.

In the past I've worked as a non-profit IT guy; as an EMT working with chronic inebriates on the street; and as a technical theater lighting/sound guy. These positions were all very different, but they were alike in that they required adapt and problem-solve with an eye towards the bigger picture-a skill that I know will be valuable in any company. In my current position I am charged with developing and implementing initiatives using technology to bring the government to its constituents in new ways, so I am used to dealing with resistance internally and externally, and I maintain my grace under fire. 
